errors: shorten "use cache" messages and unify them into one factory (#94300)
vercel/next.js: docs/01-app/03-api-reference/01-directives/use-cache-private.mdx

| `searchParams` | No                     | Yes                               |
| `connection()` | No                     | No                                |

> > **Note:** The [`connection()`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/functions/connection) API is prohibited in both `use cache` and `'use cache: private'`. It waits for a real navigation request, while a private cached function can run during prefetching before one exists.

Author: ```suggestion
> **Note:** The [`connection()`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/functions/connection) API is prohibited in both `use cache` and `'use cache: private'` as it provides connection-specific information that cannot be safely cached.
```
